Problem: I like watching YouTube, because I find I learn a lot. But like most media platforms seeking to maximize engagement, it commoditizes our attention, and thus seeks to extract engagement time unnecessarily on behalf of the user. Often times I click into a video because of the click-baity titles for a long video around 40 min, and come away with something that could've been presented in 5.

Solution: Pipeline to summarize videos and extract key insights, so that I only watch videos I really want to dive deeper into.

Ideal flow: have a gallery of relevant videos, each having a high level summary. If interested, I'd be able to explore deeper, click into it, and review the insights. It'll then present an option to actually watch it, but before that, ask a series of questions conducive to intentional learning. Active learning principles. Along the lines of 3 questions you want answered, 3 takeaways, 3 relevant life questions you hope to have answered... In the future, I'd like to have 3-5 most relevant videos downloaded so this system will works even when I'm partially offline.

MVP: basic pipeline. Add specific youtube channels. Daily update, runs pipeline, and update database. Show video cards from various channels on frontend. From most recent to least recent. (10 videos max per channel displayed, more in db is fine.)

Future plans: Over time, I want this to be the central place where I curate the content I consume without having to constantly filter through fluff, increasing the signal to noise ratio I interact with. That means, blogs/feeds (RSS), twitter posts, newsletter, etc. Simply put, it'll be my endpoint for educating myself and directing my time to things more worthwhile, all in one place. I'd like it to expand in the direction of active learning, combining with consuming, the act of notetaking, recall, and plans of action in response to the new information I consume, spinning from these notes, project proposals etc, creating a whole new pipeline (for another day). Anyway, I'd like to build some sort of search system as well, semantic/keyword search over the summaries to find key ideas and content most relevant. Think security, I want something small scale and robust enough for personal use, with it, rid considerations of scale that tends to leads to complex patterns and system bloat.
